Autobrr docs (#98)
liaralabs/docs.swizzin.ltd: docs/applications/autobrr.mdx

---
id: autobrr
title: Autobrr
sidebar_label: Autobrr
---

A powerful modern autodl alternative, which monitors IRC announce channels to get releases as soon as they are available and send to your favorite client or to arr's and let them decide to download or not.

Supported actions/clients:
* qBittorrent
* Deluge
* Radarr
* Sonarr
* Lidarr
* Save to watch folder
* Run custom commands

:::danger
Autobrr is in the early stages of development and is considered alpha/beta.
Install and use with caution.
:::

## Initial Setup

Installing autobrr is easy. Simply issue the following command:

```bash main
sudo box install autobrr
```

> This command will configure autobrr for your user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will install and configure autobrr for all your swizzin users.
```

## Upgrade

Upgrading autobrr is as easy. Simply issue the following command:

```bash main
sudo box upgrade autobrr
```

## How to Access

After autobrr has been installed, it will be available for access at `https://<hostname.ltd>/autobrr`.

The port is randomized at setup, so if you don't use `nginx`, or just need to find the port, check in `/home/user/.config/autobrr/config.toml`.

## Service Management

Multi-user is enabled, so in order to manipulate the service, you'll also need to specify a username.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SystemD service is defined in the following file:
```
